the blood still hasn't dried after
Israel hit this refuge for civilians in
the jabalia refugee camp unable to find
safety anywhere in Gaza it's the result
of intensifying operations in the area
where Israel's military has once again
told thousands of people to
evacuate we were sitting peacefully then
boom there was a boom a missile from a
controlled drone or a regular drone but
it did massive damage in the schoolyard
there were a few people who were
dismembered and cut into pieces I do not
know how to explain but they were in
pieces and here where they make bread
the Arabic flatbread here a child was
marted and a woman was injured badly and
there were three or four children who
were also martyred
here for nearly 8 months Palestinians
have repeatedly been displaced
we have suffered and we have been forced
to go through six or seven displacements
we went to shua then to alifa and to
many other
places continuing Israeli attacks in the
north of the Gaza Strip means thousands
are being forced to flee
again they dropped leaflets and called
us on our mobiles asking us to leave
jabalia camp in other areas and move
towards the west of Gaza we didn't move
on the first day because we thought they
were not serious but then the bombing
and shooting
started continuing Israeli attacks in
the north of the gazal strip mean
thousands are being forced to flee again
the roads lined with Palestinians
clutching whatever they carry but they
live with the constant fear that more
Israeli attacks are never far behind as
nowhere is safe in Gaza hind
alaz Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer